The President:
Merry Christmas everybody.
Now we're not going to
take up too much of your
time because today's
about family and being
together with the
ones you love.
And luckily for me that
means I get a little
help on the Weekly
Address as well.
Mrs. Obama:
The holidays at the
White House are such a
wonderful time of year.
We fill the halls
with decorations,
Christmas trees,
and carolers.
And this year we
invited more than
65,000 people
to join us.
Our theme was, "A Children's
Winter Wonderland."
And Americans young and
old had a chance to come
together and
celebrate the season.
The President:
And today our family
will join millions across
the country in celebrating
the birth of Jesus.
The birth of not just
a baby and in a manger
but the message that
has changed the world.
To reach out to the sick,
the hungry, the troubled,
and above all else to love
one another as we would
be loved ourselves.
Mrs. Obama:
We hope that this
holiday season will be a chance
for us to live out that message.
To bridge our differences
and lift up our family,
friends, and neighbors.
And to reconnect
with the values that
bind us together.
And as a country that
also means celebrating
and honoring those who
have served and sacrificed
for all of us.
Our troops, veterans,
and their families.
The President:
In just a few days
our combat mission in
Afghanistan will be over.
Our longest war will come
to a responsible end.
And that gives us an
opportunity to step back
and reflect upon all that
these families have given us.
We're able to gather with
family and friends because
our troops are willing to
hug theirs goodbye and
step forward to serve.
After a long day we can
come home because they're
willing to leave their
families and deploy.
We can celebrate the
holidays because
they're willing to
miss their own.
Mrs. Obama:
And so as our troops
continue to transition back
home, back to our businesses,
our schools, our
congregations, and our
communities, it's up to
all of us to serve them
as well as they've
served us.
And you can visit
joiningforces.gov
to find out how you can honor
and support the troops,
veterans, and military
families in your communities.
That's something we can
do not only during the
holiday season but
all year around.
The President:
So Merry Christmas everybody.
May God bless you
all and we wish you
and your family a happy
and healthy 2015.